---
layout: post
title: Its Alive!
author: andrew
---

It's true! Our new [Gymnasium](http://thegymnasium.com) is up and running! We  ran into some interesting glitches _for sure_, and you ran into them as well. 

## What you need to know

### 1. The "We Moved!" email

You've probably received this email, or you will shortly. The email lists your previous course enrollments, progress, and certifications. It also has a link to a partially filled-in registration form on the new Gymnasium site.

**Note:** Some users have reported to us that the link isn't working for them. If you're having trouble, please email us at help@thegymnasium.com.

### 2. Completing your (re)registration

This is a bit confusing. You _were_ registered on the old site. You _will be_ registered on the new site. But first you need to set a new **user name** (which can be different from your _real_ name...) and a new **password**. 

**Note:** You may also need to select your nearest city. If your location is not in that drop-down menu, please don't worry - this is a bug. Feel free to pick your _least favorite_ place instead and we'll update your registration information once we've fixed the form. 


### 3. Activating your new account

Once you submit your new registration information, you will receive a confirmation email with yet another link to click. This will activate your new account. 

**Note:** Your previous enrollments and certificates will be only be visible once you've completed this step, so please make sure to do that.

And, I do apologize that this step was missing from my earlier blog post. We had hoped to suppress this step, but it was unavoidable.

### 4. Your previous enrollments, progress, and certificates

Once you've activated your account, your dashboard will show any courses in which you'd previously enrolled as well as any certificates you had earned.

**Note:** We were not able to _place_ you back at the exact same spot in your classes. You'll need to refer to the "We Moved!" email for your course progress, and navigate to those lessons to get back to your learning. Your previous quiz scores and answers were not migrated either.

**If you earned a certificate in one of our classes, those certificates are reissued when you activate your account.**


## We're here to help!

We knew this process wouldn't be painless (for anyone), and we've tried to make it all happen in a way that was least disruptive to you. If you run into any issues at all, please [contact us](http://www.thegymnasium.com/support) and we'll sort it out.

> Nothing is so painful to the human mind as a great and sudden change.

– Mary Shelley, _Frankenstein_


